Start documentation (#76)
higherkindness/sbt-compendium: docs/docs/usage.md

# Getting started

> Add to your `project/plugin.sbt` file the following line

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following line to your `project/plugin.sbt`:
```

> ```tut

Reviewer 2: Is there a reason you're using `tut` instead of `mdoc`? If not, I would recommend switching to mdoc before you start writing a lot of docs.

`tut` and `mdoc` are similar tools, but `mdoc` is actively maintained and gaining in popularity. It's also lightning-fast if you run it with the `--watch` option, so you can see your docs update almost instantly while you write them.

Reviewer 3: We are going to migrate to mdoc, for sure :wink:

    addSbtPlugin("io.higherkindness" %% "sbt-compendium" % "0.0.1")
```

> Also to your `build.sbt` file add to your project settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following will also need to be added to your project settings in `build.sbt`:
```

```tut
    .settings(
         compendiumSrcGenProtocolIdentifiers := List(ProtocolAndVersion("supplier",None),ProtocolAndVersion("material",None),ProtocolAndVersion("sale",None)),
         compendiumSrcGenServerHost := "localhost",
         compendiumSrcGenServerPort := 8080,
         sourceGenerators in Compile += Def.task {
           compendiumSrcGenClients.value
         }.taskValue
    )
```
**Note:** These example settings come from
[compendium-example](https://github.com/higherkindness/compendium-example).

> The configuration works as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration works as follows:
```

-  `compendiumSrcGenServerHost`: *String*. Url of the compendium server.
   Default value: "localhost"
-  `compendiumSrcGenServerPort`: *Integer*. Port of the compendium
   server. Default value: 47047
-  `compendiumSrcGenFormatSchema`: *IdlName type*. Schema type to
   download. Default value: IdlName.Avro. Currently supported: Avro,
   Proto.
-  `compendiumSrcGenProtocolIdentifiers`: *`Seq[ProtocolAndVersion]*.

>    Protocol identifiers to be retrieved from compendium server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Protocol identifiers to be retrieved from the compendium server.
```

   `ProtocolAndVersion` provides two values: `name` (mandatory) that
   corresponds with the identifier used to store the protocol and
   `version` (optional). Default: Nil

## How to use it

> Once you have set up the configuration, in the compilation runtime `sbt-compendium` will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have set up the configuration, `sbt-compendium` will, during compilation,
```

> get the protocols from compendium service, validate them and create the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
get the protocols from the compendium service, validate them and create the
```

> proper scala classes on `target/scala-2.12/src_managed`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
proper Scala classes in `target/scala-2.12/src_managed`.
```

### What if I want to save a class on compendium?

> `sbt-compendium` is design to retrieve protocols but not to save it. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sbt-compendium` is designed to retrieve protocols but not to save them If
```
